fix(astro:content): include required type declarations (#10022)
withastro/astro: .changeset/cool-walls-fail.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Fixes a regression where types for the `astro:content` module did not include required exports, leading tp type errors.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixes a regression where types for the `astro:content` module did not include required exports, leading to typescript errors.
```
